Pi the students will come back on this section here.
I'm going to help you design a better nailgun system a simpler logging system a system that we can use
very easily and very secure.
A couple years ago I introduced it to something called the crypt function.
All right.
And you know some of you are having issues since it's a little complicated to use.
So sometimes it doesn't work the way we want to because we don't understand it.
But this section here I'm going to give you I want to show you how to do it in an easier way.
And if you hear me it'll be out of breath just because my spaghetti were actually burning.
Yeah I'm cooking so my spaghetti is downstairs and they were burning.
Yeah that's what happens if you see me out of breath.
If you hear me out of breath.
Well anyway.
Let me show you in the peach bit on that Web site where I'm talking about this patchwork bass We're
hashing right.
Basically this is a function he's going to take three parameters.
He's going to take the password the original password that we're going to pass in.
He's also going to take the algorithm all right and it's going to take some options.
All right.
So this is just a brief summary what it is.
So this is the first algorithm.
All right.
And this is the default algorithm is called Password underscore default.
You can read all about it.
All right.
In this web site here then we've got the options and you begin to see how we can pass options to these
functions.
I'm not going to go into a lot of details about it because all information is right here in the PSP
on their website just going to show you how to use it.
How do implementing your CMOS.
So let's get right to it.
All right.
So first let me just show you how it works really cool really quickly.
So I'm just going to create a page right here my CIMS and just kind of call it test that BHB.
All right you need to understand a little bit of it just to make it work.
Good.
All right.
So for example let's say let's just echo here you use the function right away and call it pass word
cache.
All right this is the function.
All right.
You need to have ph be firing over to make it work OK.
And doesn't have a dollar sign.
Sorry about that.
All right so if you want to check if you have BHB firing over all you have to do is put the HP in for
here.
All right just like I show you in the beginning and then you can go to your CMOS and them just go right
All right.
And then to test to whatever page you made my case I just made this page test and you can see that I'm
in BHB 5 and over.
All right.
We're now working under BHB 5.
So make sure that you updated.
All right.
So let's just use a function real quick and show you how it works.
So let's say for example I have this password that I pass and this is the first parameter which is going
to be the password.
All right.
And the second parameter is going to be the algorithm.
In this case I'm just going to use the algorithm default the full array I think I'm spelling it correctly
and it's basically a constant.
If you see it right here you see and then we can pass in an array of options an array and this array
could be a set to be an associate of array and it could be the salt.
And for those of you that don't remember the old it's just a string of characters a lot of characters
around 22 characters but we don't have to this will produce a hash.
I strained character by itself or right by default.
And you know that's the way we want it we don't want to be producing our own salt if we don't have to
right.
So we could say that parameter that I want in passing is the cause.
And I'm going to explain how that works.
So the cost basically is the amount of time it takes this function to give you a new Hash basically
it's just going to make your server delay more the password hashing.
All right so the bigger This number is the slower dysfunction were work.
All right and that makes it very good because imagine that you have the software and the software is
scanning is inputting in your application thousands of passwords every second every two seconds.
If this is really low it's just going to take that software maybe two or three years instead of one
week.
If you make it lower if you make it this is going to be too fast.
Now you don't want to make it too large because then your server will be processing too much.
All right so let's make it 10 right now.
Let's just see how that looks right now.
Let's go to our test page answer if I refresh.
You can see how fast that changes right.
You see so here we have some parameters and you can look a bit on their Web site and you can see that
each of this is a friend who has a different name.
All right so we have the password.
The hash is sold.
The cost.
This is the cost is number 10 right here.
All right.
They have they have a lot of information in it that you can you know read a body again I'm going to
go into detail about it right now.
So if I make that cost bigger let's say make it 14 save enter refresh.
I mean you could see that he changed to 14 that was a cost right there.
And you saw how long it takes refresh again.
You see that he takes a lot longer.
All right.
This just going to make your this take longer to process.
All right we're going to keep it around 12:00.
That's what we want.
All right.
So I just want to show you how that works.
We're going to be using the algorithm called the crypt array.
And let's go back here and you can do control tools to find it correct.
I believe that.
Right there.
All right.
You see that.
So basically the crypt is just going to use the Blowfish algorithm which is why we were using before
that to why dollar sign whatever.
Right here with an identifier.
That's what we're going to be using for now one.
All right.
Basically is a really strong algorithm.
So that's what we're going to be using.
So now that I show you how this works let's go ahead and apply real quick.
All right and we're going to start it right here in the registration that BHP page used to give you
an example.
All right we're using a lot of stuff here that we don't need.
Right.
Because we are we we don't need to see this sold in the database anymore in the table.
So let's go to our HP admin right and delete this salt because we're not going to need it anymore guys
or less you just want to learn.
Watch what I'm doing.
If you've got it working already if you've got your Logan working don't worry about it.
You can leave it that way it is.
Put it if you want to learn it easier way and a better way.
Keep watching and do what I do.
So let's go to the CMAs users.
And here you can see that we have the user password where we are saving their Rand salt right here.
All right we're not going to be doing that anymore.
We're going to be actually putting everything right here use a password straight there.
All right.
So this is the way we're going to be starting it password.
And we're going to sign one.
Let's go back here and let's just take all this.
Put it right there.
And you're going to put it right here.
There we go.
Right.
You don't have to put it in court if you don't want to.
Beautiful.
So now when we register a user that's going to go and take it in there.
Now let's go ahead and we don't mean this and we don't need this either.
All right.
Perfect.
So now let's go ahead and try this and see what we get.
Let's go to or see a.
Right.
Let's go to the registration page and let's just put a name new user on the square usery.
And I just kind of put my e-mail address.
Not afraid to give it because you know what guys do in school of code.
Come Edwin's school of course that come and password secret register registration has been submitted.
Go and check it out.
Users.
Now you can see that the new user has a new password encrypted already.
All right so now this is saved in the database.
In the next lecture I'm going to show you how to verify this password here.
All right.
And in log in a user right.
Perfect.
So we get to all day our system with this new password system which is going to be easier for you guys
to make it work.
It's going to be a lot more secure than anything you have ever done because you can change the cost
here as big as you want.
Right.
Well you don't want to make it too big because then you slow down your server.
But anyway thank you so much and I see you in the next lecture